okay spaghetti carbonara looks great
tastes great
but it's all in the timing if you don't
want to scramble those eggs so
here is how to make it
and for the ingredients you'll need two
rashers of bacon enough spaghetti for
two people
some oil to fry one clove of garlic two
eggs 125 milliliters of double cream
30 grams of finely grated parmesan and
some fresh parsley to garnish
so we're going to start by putting the
spaghetti on so get yourself a saucepan
pour in some boiling water
and then bring it up to boiling point
when your water's hot enough get your
spaghetti and stick it into the saucepan
leaving it to simmer away for however
long it says to on the packet
so whilst the spaghetti is cooking we're
going to prepare the rest of the
ingredients
so get your garlic clove and peel it and
then finely chop it with a sharp knife
then stick it into a separate saucepan
next get your two rashes of bacon and
again with a sharp knife finely slice it
into small pieces
with all your bacon sliced you then need
to chuck that into the saucepan along
with the finely chopped garlic
now stick that saucepan on a separate
hob and then fry it with a little bit of
oil for about five minutes
until the bacon becomes nice and crisp
and once the bacon and the garlic looks
something like this we then need to
prepare the cream sauce
support 125 milliliters of double cream
into a jug
and then crack in your two eggs as well
then also pour in your 30 grams worth of
finely grated parmesan
generously season the sauce with some
pepper and then thoroughly mix it
together with a fork
so once the sauce is ready and the bacon
and the garlic has been fried off we
then need to wait for the spaghetti to
finish cooking
and when the spaghetti is done drain the
water out through a colander
and then return the spaghetti back into
a clean saucepan
now pour your fried up bacon and garlic
into the saucepan with the spaghetti
and then pour in the jug full of your
cream sauce
then using a couple of wooden spoons
toss the spaghetti in the sauce to make
sure it's all thoroughly combined
together
and finally serve your carbonara up onto
plates garnish it with your fresh
parsley and enjoy
why not learn how to cook spaghetti
perfectly or how to cook my yummy
risotto recipe by clicking on one of the
videos on the screen
you